[Music]
good evening
oh wait you're just a civilian now
mr james ford general ryan is requesting
your
inimitable counsel no
he's offered to reinstate you
from the top four hours ago the crew of
the vander made first contact
stay there
in the event of first contact humanity
must strike first
to ensure the continued survival
of our species operation
cosmic sin is now a go
not there because of space gate
they can bring their army here
what's the status of the cuba if we want
to launch the cue bomb
we need to get into orbit suit's up
that's something huh we didn't know
whether to burn it we put it in a museum
i'm sure they said the same thing about
me
if we leave that door open we're gonna
charge in
we can make this the kill box
we're not gonna wait for them to bring
the fight to us
we're gonna take it to them what we do
here
is easy
the hard part is living with it
[Music]
you